Name: Nathaniel Jewel

myTeam.py is where I defined my agents that were ran in the tournment. I ended up in 3rd place out of over 40 students.

RULES:
	Layout: The Pacman map is now divided into two halves: blue (right) and red (left). Red agents (which all have even indices) must defend the red food while trying to eat the blue food. When on the red side, a red agent is a ghost. When crossing into enemy territory, the agent becomes a Pacman.

	Scoring: When a Pacman eats a food dot, the food is permanently removed and one point is scored for that Pacman's team. Red team scores are positive, while Blue team scores are negative.

	Eating Pacman: When a Pacman is eaten by an opposing ghost, the Pacman returns to its starting position (as a ghost). No points are awarded for eating an opponent.

	Power capsules: If Pacman eats a power capsule, agents on the opposing team become "scared" for the next 40 moves, or until they are eaten and respawn, whichever comes sooner. Agents that are "scared" are susceptible while in the form of ghosts (i.e. while on their own team's side) to being eaten by Pacman. Specifically, if Pacman collides with a "scared" ghost, Pacman is unaffected and the ghost respawns at its starting position (no longer in the "scared" state).

	Observations: Agents can only observe an opponent's configuration (position and direction) if they or their teammate is within 5 squares (Manhattan distance). In addition, an agent always gets a noisy distance reading for each agent on the board, which can be used to approximately locate unobserved opponents.

	Winning: A game ends when one team eats all but two of the opponents' dots. Games are also limited to 1200 agent moves (300 moves per each of the four agents). If this move limit is reached, whichever team has eaten the most food wins. If the score is zero (i.e., tied) this is recorded as a tie game.

	Computation Time: We will run your submissions on a VM server. Each move which does not return within one second will incur a warning. After three warnings, or any single move taking more than 3 seconds, the game is forfeit. There will be an initial start-up allowance of 15 seconds (use the registerInitialState function). If you agent times out or otherwise throws an exception, an error message will be present in the log files. 
